PR: Add a blog about our partnership with Kite (#155)
spyder-ide/website-spyder: content/blog/spyder-kite-funding/contents.lr.txt

title: Spyder 4.0 beta4: Kite integration is here
---
author: andfoy
---
body:

<!--
.. title: Spyder 4.0 beta4: Kite integration is here
.. slug: spyder-40-beta4-kite-integration-is-here
.. date: 2019-08-16
.. tags: Spyder, Labs
.. category: 
.. link: 
.. author: Edgar Margffoy-Tuay
.. description: 
.. type: text
-->

_[Kite](https://kite.com) is sponsoring the work discussed in this blog post, and in addition supports Spyder 4.0 development through a Quansight Labs [Community Work Order](http://labs.quansight.org/blog/2019/05/community-driven-opensource-funded-development/)._

> As part of our next release, we are proud to announce an additional completion client for Spyder, Kite. [Kite](https://kite.com/) is a novel completion client that uses Machine Learning techniques to find and predict the best autocompletion for a given text. Additionally, it collects improved documentation for compiled packages, i.e., Matplotlib, NumPy, SciPy that cannot be obtained easily by using traditional code analysis packages such as Jedi. Although Kite is not open source like Spyder, you can download it for free at https://kite.com. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of our next release, we are proud to announce an additional completion client for Spyder, Kite. [Kite](https://kite.com/) is a novel completion client that uses Machine Learning techniques to find and predict the best autocompletion for a given text. Additionally, it collects improved documentation for compiled packages, i.e., Matplotlib, NumPy, SciPy that cannot be obtained easily by using traditional code analysis packages such as Jedi. Although Kite is not open source like Spyder, you can download it without charge at the [Kite website](https://kite.com). 
```

"Free" has a very specific meaning in the context of software and the open source ecosystem to mean free as in _libre_ as opposed to free as in _gratis_, ergo I suggest using another word to make this distinction clear and avoid someone nitpicking over it (since English, unlike Spanish, lumps these very different meanings into the same word).

Reviewer 2: Thanks CAM, I agree with your suggestion and I applied it myself.

Reviewer: Glad it was helpful!
